(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
Mr. Choi, the burn phone started to move.
It's moving quite fast. I think he's in a car.
- How far is it? - 2.3km ahead of you.
2.2km now. Getting closer.
You're at two kilometers. Step on it.
He's stepping on it too.
(Gohang Farm)
Why did you stop? What's going on?
Kim Min Joon!
Kim Min Joon! Kim Min Joon!
Stay with me. Stay with me!
Kim Min Joon. Kim Min Joon.
Stay with me.
Bum Joon...
Kang Woo!
Mr. Choi!
Are you all right?
(Mad Dog)
(Episode 6)
Who's that?
Hey, why did you come?
What happened?
They'll do an autopsy, but she's completely burnt,
so I doubt we'll find anything.
Can I take just one look at her?
Hey, they're already suspicious enough of you.
Do you want to get blamed for this?
Why didn't you tell me about Bum Joon's brother?
Am I even your friend?
I'm sorry.
Maybe that kid did this with Ko Jin Chul.
She's the woman that made those 3.4 million dollars.
His brother wouldn't have crashed the plane...
if it hadn't been for that money.
Wait, do you trust him?
I have no idea what I should trust.
Hey, your hand...
I'm fine.
Your boyfriend will be fine.
Don't worry.
He's not my boyfriend.
I hope Mr. Choi is fine.
Nothing?
I can understand why the equipment are gone,
but there isn't even a fingerprint left.
But you said you saw something here yesterday.
This makes no sense.
Exactly. How baffling is this?
What about the farm? The farm...
Hey, hey! Where are you going?
Mr. Choi.
What is this? Why are they all gone?
This place is done and over with.
Let's go.
Mr. Choi, Ms. Kang's phone had a new voice mail.
I thought you need to listen to this.
Eun Joo, this is Ha Seong.
My mom told me to tell you we'll be there soon,
but she won't come.
She's gone.
Can you come and pick me up?
Ms. Kang.
Mr. Choi.
Can we talk for a minute?
Ms. Lee Mi Ran is dead.
This man. He's the killer.
Do you know him?
He's the guy who found...
the body to replace Mi Ran two years ago.
Why did Ms. Lee do that?
Why did she fake her death?
She said she was scared.
She felt like someone was after her.
I don't know anything more than that.
No matter how much I asked, she didn't tell me.
At that time,
I really didn't understand her either.
Then why did you help her?
Aren't you the one who said the body was Ms. Lee?
She was a family.
We weren't related by blood,
but we were...
a family.
We promised...
we won't bring up Ha Seong in loneliness like us.
How old is he?
He's 11 years old.
Ha Seong is all alone now.
He's not alone.
He has you, Ms. Kang.
Thank you,
Mr. Choi.
There's no sign of a brain hemorrhage,
but since he's still unconscious,
we can only be sure once he wakes up.
Then when will he wake up?
I don't know. We'll have to wait.
Hey. You need to wake up quickly.
Are you here by yourself?
Kim Min Joon?
My name is Kim Bum Joon.
Are you my brother?
I'm a pilot.
I've been coming to Germany for six years...
to find my brother.
Min Joon, it's me.
Get lost, you jerk.
Min Joon.
Bum Joon.
Kim Min Joon!
Stay with me!
Min Joon.
Stay with me.
Ha Ri.
I'll call the doctor.
Don't.
What are you doing?
Let's go.
You've been unconscious for a day.
I had a good sleep after a long while.
Turn around.
Don't do this.
You should have tests first.
Are you worried about me?
That feels nice.
You seem fine.
I'll wait for you outside.
Are you hurt?
Did something happen?
It's not my blood. It's yours.
Why...
is my blood on your jacket?
You don't need to know. Let's go.
Mr. Choi is waiting.
Go easy on me. I'm a patient.
Easy, please.
What's this? Are you interrogating me?
Yes, we are.
How do you know Ko Jin Chul?
Who's Ko Jin Chul?
The one who tried to kill you and Lee Mi Ran.
He was after you first.
He chased after you and got Lee Mi Ran.
He was after me first? Why?
Who is he?
Where is he now?
Did you lose him?
Yes.
We lost him while saving you.
Mr. Choi.
Are you out of your mind?
You should've gone after him.
You should've caught him and found out...
who made him do it.
What if I did?
Do you think we can verify that Bum Joon's...
crash wasn't suicidal?
Is that what you want?
That Bum Joon did not crash the plane.
It's too bad though.
There is proof everywhere that...
Bum Joon did it.
What proof?
The proof you believed for the past two years?
I'm not like you.
I don't believe such things.
I saw how Lee Mi Ran was alive with my own eyes.
That proves that Bum Joon didn't crash the plane.
Did you see her alive? Did you?
So did Lee Mi Ran tell you...
that it wasn't a suicidal crash?
He must've killed himself because he wanted to...
give you the 3.4 million dollars.
That's what I thought.
You didn't hear her say that.
But why do you...
still have your head up high?
What is it that you know?
You know how much your life is worth now?
They offered a million dollars.
"They offered a million dollars."
What?
He said someone offered...
a million dollars for Lee Mi Ran's life.
Think about it.
Who can pay a million dollars...
for a person's life?
Juhan Air?
Or Taeyang Insurance?
What?
Do you wish it wasn't Taeyang Insurance?
Do you still want to trust people?
That's why you believed...
that Bum Joon crashed the plane all along.
But I'm not like you.
I don't trust anything.
I don't trust anyone.
If it wasn't Bum Joon's suicidal crash,
do you think you can trust people?
You've never called him as a "brother", have you?
You just asked me this.
"Do you want to believe..."
"that Bum Joon crashed the plane?"
No.
You can never trust anyone.
That's who you are.
Look at you.
You aren't here to clear...
your brother's name.
You're only here for yourself.
So you want to work hard alone...
like you always have.
All right. Mr. Kim Min Joon.
Go ahead and work alone.
Are you here to give me medicine?
In your dreams.
What's this?
It's the proof we believed it was a suicidal crash.
Watch the final interview.
Why are you giving this to me?
I want to see if you can keep laughing at us...
after watching this.
According to the investigation done...
by the Aviation Accident Investigation Board,
the crash wasn't due to...
any problems in aircraft.
Then was it a man-made disaster?
Was it the pilot's fault?
Yes, there is a high possibility.
Assistant Pilot Kim Bum Joon...
usually seemed anxious.
Actually,
he had been taking pills regularly.
I asked him about them,
and he told me they were for depression.
Before landing,
I went to the bathroom.
It wasn't the right time.
I felt the plane descending quickly...
when I was in the bathroom.
Kim Bum Joon, that jerk, steered downward.
I tried to stop him,
but he...
struck my head with a fire extinguisher.
Pilot Shin Ji Woong.
Did Assistant Pilot Kim Bum Joon crash the plane?
He was pushing it down.
He was pushing the control wheel down.
Kim Bum Joon was...
crashing the plane.
No.
No!
Kim Bum Joon was...
crashing...
the plane.
I can't do this anymore.
November 14, 2015.
Taeyang Insurance, Flight JH 801,
Park Moo Shin, Claims Examination Team Manager.
We'll end the testimony...
of Pilot Shin Ji Woong.
He said someone offered...
a million dollars for Lee Mi Ran's life.
Who can pay a million dollars...
for a person's life?
Juhan Air?
Or Taeyang Insurance?
(Death due to a vehicle fire)
The face and fingerprints aren't recognizable.
We need to run a DNA test,
or check her teeth.
But she doesn't have any dental records.
Didn't you say she had a son?
You can verify whether it's Lee Mi Ran...
by running a DNA test.
I won't get the kid involved.
It's too dangerous.
So the corpse will remain as unidentified then.
Speaking of which,
I've found unidentified DNA of a man as well.
It was found on the body's incisors.
In other words, the inner part of her front teeth.
I assume she bit the man.
Can I get the DNA of that unidentified man?
You think it's him from two years ago?
I think so.
Shall I go fishing in Daejeon after a while?
There's Gapcheon near the southern hospital branch.
The spot has a lot of skygagers.
It stinks whenever you reel one up.
What would you use for its bait?
A live bait will do.
(Born in 1981, Entered Juhan Air in 2007)
(Born in 1983, Worked in Taeyang Insurance)
(JH 801 incident, Committed suicide)
Taeyang...
Insurance.
Find it.
Taeyang Insurance.
(Born in 1983, Worked in Taeyang Insurance)
She's pretty. Director Cha Hong Joo.
[VIU Ver] E06 Mad Dog "It wasn't His Fault"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Min Joon is out.
I'm in.
Where will it be?
Let's guess and find out.
They all look nice.
How fabulous. My goodness.
Bingo.
What is that?
It's the USIM chip that Kim Min Joon threw away.
Ha Ra found it when she found your cellphone.
What's in there?
I don't know.
I'll bet your muscles that he deleted...
- everything in here. - You punk.
Why would you bet my muscles?
Here's Ko Jin Chul's DNA.
What about the bait?
Be careful.
- Okay. - Okay.
Now, let's see who finds Ko Jin Chul first.
- What's this? - Min Joon was wearing...
those clothes when Ko Jin Chul attacked him.
There's Ko Jin Chul's DNA on it.
What are you talking about?
The result might say unidentified,
but you'll confirm it's his DNA...
if you compare it with his family.
Good. I'll get it inspected right away.
Hey. Did something happen to you?
Hwan Hee's operation got canceled.
The donor's parents called it off.
Well, I'm okay,
but I guess it's difficult for my wife.
I'm sorry. Gosh.
I can't believe I'm crying in front of you.
I'm the one who's sorry.
Han Wu.
Actually...
I know.
You plan to kill Ko Jin Chul, right?
You have no intention to make him get punished.
But I'll catch him before you do.
I won't let you become a murderer.
So don't even dream about it.
And make sure you survive.
What nonsense are you talking about?
(Taeyang Insurance)
"Kwongeun Medical Foundation".
"Han Dong Yoon".
This is from Kwongeun too.
Han Dong Yoon...
It sounds familiar. Where did I hear it?
5.1 million dollars in Yeongwol 2 years ago.
The hospital director's name was Han Dong Yoon.
How much is it this time?
I told you not to butt in our company's business.
Why are you here again?
Kim Min Joon.
Should I say Jan Gebauer to help you recognize him?
Kim Bum Joon's younger brother has appeared.
What about him?
(Taeyang Insurance)
He doesn't believe...
Kim Bum Joon caused the JH 801 incident.
What gibberish is that?
I was the manager of the team in charge of it.
It's certain he crashed the plane on purpose.
You accepted it too.
What's this?
Are you denying the fact now?
Ko Jin Chul tried to kill Kim Min Joon.
Why would you bring up his name now?
Isn't this ridiculous? I feel the same.
We'll find out once we catch Ko Jin Chul.
I got his DNA.
I have proof, so I'll catch him myself.
No, you and your entire team, stay out of it.
Don't do anything.
Why?
You aren't the only one who remembers Jae Soo.
I'll make sure to catch him legally myself,
so stay out of it.
I can't believe your words.
I'll work hard. You do your part.
Kang Woo!
The fixer's DNA was found in the lost fry.
The dog has smelled it.
Kang Woo has figured out that much?
You used him, so take care of your man yourself.
He'll leave this country after three hours.
He couldn't finish him, and he left trace too.
He wasn't careful and left trace behind.
We just have to send him away then.
Shall I move up the flight time?
That trace will lead to us.
Come to your senses!
It's going to be a waste.
He's such a useful tool.
You call them useful when you can throw out anytime.
Clean up the mess if you want your share.
Okay, okay.
Why would this crazy old man get so mad?
(Financer)
I was about to call you anyway.
When will you make a deposit?
Get your work done if you want your money.
What do you mean? You told me to fly off here today.
Situations changed.
Finish your work and leave.
It's not good.
Things become messy if they don't go as planned.
My plan got messed up already because of you.
His life is long, so what do you want me to do?
Then end his life.
Darn it.
Okay. I'll call you after I'm done.
Sir. Mr. Choi Kang Woo is on his way up to see you.
Should I dismiss him?
Kang Woo is here?
Let him in.
I'm sorry I didn't call before I visited.
I'm glad you're here.
Let me get some help from you.
There are a lot of weeds here,
so I could use some help.
Goodness, this is tough.
Do you eat all right?
You look thin.
You look thinner too, Chairman Cha.
That's what happens to an old man.
I don't have much appetite because I got old.
But you, you're still young.
Are you so busy that you can't even eat?
I've been working on an unexpected case.
Is this related to my company?
I'm not sure yet.
If we're involved in any way,
let me know whenever you need me.
You won't come back when I ask you to,
and you don't come around when I call you.
I'll give you whatever you want.
You're like one of my own.
When did you arrive?
Five minutes ago.
Where was he before this?
He was at a hair salon for over two hours.
Mr. Kim, looking sharp.
Did he just bump his wrist?
What's he doing?
Darn it.
Are you hurt?
A bit, I guess.
I have a dash cam in my car.
Do you want to watch it?
Why would I want to watch that?
Do you think I bumped into your car on purpose?
Didn't you?
I am Cha Hong Joo...
of Taeyang Insurance.
(Cha Hong Joo, Executive Director)
This is great.
Since you're a director of an insurance company,
you would know what this is.
I'll treat the wrist myself.
Just fix this for me.
Wait, what are you doing?
Your mind is all complicated,
wondering if this is real or fake, right?
You should check for yourself.
I'll call you.
That's a precious watch my brother gave me,
so you don't lose it.
Excuse me!
Why is he approaching Director Cha?
We'll find out in time.
Don't lose him.
This is my daughter,
Executive Director Cha Hong Joo.
This is Director Kwon Oh Geun...
of Kwongeun Medical Foundation.
I'm Cha Hong Joo.
I heard you'll be...
taking care of all of our cases.
She's probably much better than I am.
She'll do a good job.
I'll look forward to it, Director Kwon.
I'm glad to work with you,
Director Cha.
I'll get going now.
Goodbye.
Kwongeun Foundation...
will ask for about two million dollars.
Give it to them without asking questions.
Why? You wanted to know everything.
Don't you want that anymore?
It's not that.
Did you think you can only do the clean things?
You'll have to jump into filthy water...
and jump into a pond of mud too.
I know.
I'll process it as you said.
Hong Joo.
Never mind. Keep it up.
I'll do my best, Chairman Cha.
Hello.
I'm Kim Min Joon,
the victim of the minor collision.
I forgot to give you my number.
I made a minor collision in the parking lot.
Check the dash cam,
and let Claims Examination Team take the case.
Yes, Director Cha.
(Taeyang Damage Insurance)
(We received your claims request.)
Gosh, I told her that it was a precious watch.
You disappoint me, Ms. Cha.
Mr. Kim is going in.
Director Cha's room?
You came all the way here.
I told you that it was a precious watch.
I was disappointed you treated it that way.
Where's my watch?
The investigation team said it was genuine.
I told you.
I don't lie.
Not something who fakes a collision should say.
Do you have proof that I did it on purpose?
An executive director...
of a huge company like Taeyang Insurance...
shouldn't frame an innocent man.
This is why people speak ill...
of insurance companies.
Let's end this quickly.
How much do you want?
I need to see 3.4 million dollars...
What did you say?
worth of the originals of the insurance policy.
Tae...
yang...
Insurance.
Insurance...
policy.
Originals.
Find it.
I need to see the originals...
of Kim Bum Joon's insurance policies.
You are...
I'm Kim Bum Joon's brother, Jan Gebauer,
Kim Min Joon.
I heard Contract Screening Team keeps the originals.
You'll need more than a minute, right?
How about five minutes?
How would I know...
if you're really Jan Gebauer?
Even if you're his brother and the beneficiary,
you cannot view the originals...
without the permission of the insured.
And the insured, Kim Bum Joon is dead.
Exactly. And you are...
indebted to me.
And you can pay me back now.
May I pay you back...
with my car insurance?
Isn't it easier to just show me the originals?
You already paid the compensation in full,
and I don't think Taeyang Insurance...
will lose anything from showing me those.
Is there a reason why you can't show me?
Then why would you need to see the originals...
when the compensation was already paid?
I'll tell you if you show me.
Put me through to Contract Screening Team.
Yes, ma'am.
Have some coffee.
Thank you.
What's going on?
She told me to let in...
the Contract Screening Team.
Why would that team need to visit her?
You're right.
(Team Manager Park Moo Shin)
Yes.
Why would she ask?
Okay.
Did she say anything else?
No, nothing.
I'm from the Contract Screening Team.
We brought the originals.
You got here fast.
I'll go in with him.
Why do you want to go in, Manager Park?
It's the case that I was in charge of.
The case Moo Shin was in charge of...
801.
Manager Park, why are you here?
I was in charge of the case. Is there a problem?
Long time no see, Manager Park.
Jan Gebauer?
(Insurance Contract)
It's complicated. Shall I explain it to you?
March of 2008. June of 2008.
February and September of 2009.
January, 2010. April, 2010.
The insurance taken out before the revision...
includes suicide in the policy,
so 3.4 million-dollar payout was possible.
I know that.
I heard the explanation two years ago.
Now tell me why you have to see these.
What do you think? It's because of money.
What are you...
What if it was an accident, not a suicide?
Wouldn’t I be able to receive the money for...
the two other insurances as the special treaty...
regardless of revision?
If it was an accident,
then it's considered an industrial accident.
Also...
this coverage he got in July of 2015.
It's 100,000 for natural death...
and 300,000 for accidental death.
Mr. Gebauer. Are you here to claim more?
Is that why you don't want it to be a suicide?
Is that wrong?
You're done here, right?
Give me a copy of these contracts.
No, we can't. It's against the policy.
- No, go ahead. - Director Cha.
It has been paid out already.
Ms. Jang. Please make a copy of these documents.
Thank you, Ms. Hong.
Goodbye, Mr. Jan Gebauer.
See you again, Manager Park.
(Life Insurance Policy)
How did you get this?
I asked Ms. Jang for extra copies.
Nice.
Why did he go that far to get this?
Min Joon and Bum Joon aren't family by law.
It must've been hard to get it reissued.
Why?
Is there a reason why it had to be the original?
Mr. Choi!
I found Ko Jin Chul!
It's Park Moo Shin from Taeyang Insurance.
I have to talk to you about the insurance.
Let's meet at midnight. 273-5 Sangam-dong, Paju.
Manager Park?
Hey, Min Joon. Stitches won't do this time.
Good to see you, Jin Chul.
What's all this?
You got a text from Moo Shin, right?
Did you check if it was from Moo Shin?
Did you use me as a bait?
You're the insurance guy from two years ago.
You said that your friend died, right?
He's not your friend. His name is Park Jae Soo.
Park Jae Soo.
So are you here for a revenge?
We're here to have a talk.
Jin Chul. Tell us.
Who offered a million dollars...
for Lee Mi Ran's life?
I don't know what you're saying.
When you killed Lee Mi Ran,
she bit you.
Your DNA was found between her teeth.
I spread the word around.
Otherwise you would've...
ran away to China or elsewhere.
Who got you?
After killing Min Joon, it would've been you.
Why should I tell you that?
You have only two choices.
Die in my hands without telling me,
or tell me and pay for your crimes.
If you tell me,
I'll let you live and send you to jail.
Don't I have another choice?
What?
Paying for the sin without telling.
Is this the police? I want to turn myself in.
I killed a person.
Ko Jin Chul.
Hey, are you having fun?
Stop it.
Let me go.
If he dies, we can't find out nothing.
I wanted to say goodbye with a smile.
But you aren't here, Dad.
So why were you angry all your life?
(Lee Young Ho, Legal Affairs Manager)
If Taeyang transferred 10 million dollars,
release the obituary.
His life is long, so what do you want me to do?
Then just end it.
Gosh.
The recording was taken as...
a false confession under a threat.
Just admit to assaulting the German.
Both parties will be at fault.
I heard he got my DNA.
We took care of it.
And the money we promised...
It's okay. I won't take it.
Hey, Mr. Lawyer. Tell him...
that I'll leave Korea after getting out of jail.
I recorded it because Hyun Ki was acting weird.
It'll never happen again.
I'll tell him.
Let me use the bathroom.
What a nuisance.
Okay, so the suspect...
tried to kill Jan Gebauer.
And you, Mr. Choi Kang Woo,
acted excessively in order to stop him?
It was self-defense?
Should I say so?
Why this little...
Or not.
What do you mean?
It's either right or wrong.
What are you two doing right now?
Should I charge him for attempted murder?
I'd like to,
but it's certain he did it out of self-defense.
I knew that'd happen.
Who brought him to the toilet?
What's going on?
Ko Jin Chul hanged himself.
What?
- Gosh. - Hurry and get him.
Hurry.
Move him.
Please hold on.
What are you doing?
Who are you?
What's wrong with him?
Lee Mi Ran and Ko Jin Chul.
Two people died already, right?
Are we doing the right thing?
Can we go on like this?
Then should we stop here?
We'll just go on.
We'll find ourselves somewhere later.
What if it's where we aren't supposed to go?
Wherever that is,
it won't be worse than where Mr. Choi is now.
(From Restricted Number)
(Ward 6103, Hansaeng Hospital)
Ha Ri, let me step out for a while.
Where are you going?
I'll be back.
Wait here.
Shouldn't we go with him?
Track his GPS signal.
What signal?
What?
What's wrong? What?
What's this?
Gosh.
Do you have my GPS signal too?
I'm not interested in you, Cheetah.
Hey!
Please be interested.
Okay, okay. Please stop! It's disgusting.
(Hansaeng Hospital)
(Shin Ji Woong)
You're here.
Did you send me the text?
Yes.
You searched him for the last two years.
What are you doing?
I know. What on earth have I done?
Moo Shin, what's wrong?
His doctor said...
Mr. Shin has been an alcoholic...
for more than three years.
Do you get it?
At that time two years ago,
he was an alcoholic.
Kim Min Joon.
It means...
he was an alcoholic at that time too.
You're saying that the testimony...
about Bum Joon's suicidal crash...
isn't reliable, right?
What is this about?
Moo Shin.
Mr. Shin.
Wake up. Wake up.
Look at me.
Flight...
Mr. Shin.
Wake up.
Look at me.
Come on.
I said, wake up.
Bum Joon?
Mr. Shin.
The assistant pilot crashed the plane?
No, don't lower it. You pulled it up.
You pulled it for certain.
I lied.
He was lowering the control wheel.
He was lowering the wheel for certain.
What are you talking about?
You pulled it up.
You tried to fly the plane back up.
You did.
You pulled up...
the control wheel.
And...
Pull up...
Pull up!
Mr. Shin.
Wake up.
What did you mean by that? Tell me one more time.
Tell me again!
He pulled it up.
He pulled the wheel up.
He didn't lower it.
He didn't.
"Min Joon, it's me."
Noo Ri, what's this?
It got unlocked.
It's from Kim Min Joon's USIM chip.
What are these texts?
What?
Min Joon,
it feels so good to text my brother.
Min Joon, let's not part ways ever again.
Min Joon.
Come to Korea. Let's live together.
I'll really make you happy.
Min Joon, give me your watch.
I bought your watch already...
and put it in the drawer in the living room.
The sky looks so nice and clear today.
Shall we go on a trip together...
after my flight duty this time?
Min Joon.
I love you very much, brother.
(Mad Dog)
If Bum Joon didn't plan this accident, then who?
Who made you bear false witness?
Min Joon, why do you want the insurance policy?
His face is awfully familiar.
Then will Mr. Lee return to Taeyang Insurance?
Cha Hong Joo of Taeyang Insurance.
Do not get involved with that man from Juhan Air.
You ended up here because...
you get dragged around with stuff like this.
Do you have anything to say to me?
What do you want?
I want to return to Taeyang Insurance.